Brooklyn has changed a lot over the
years but it's still a neighborhood you
still see familiar faces everywhere you
go and we wanted to have some fun with
that so we sent my cousin Sal out onto
the street to pretend he knew people
passing by just to see what they do
[Music]
hey how are you I've been seen you in so
long come on you're gonna walk by me
I'm through that don't be like that just
you're still mad at me no you're not bad
right don't be monkey I don't there
because of that whole thing with the job
a few years back but forget about who
cares right I didn't do anything on
purpose is that right yeah I guess wait
a minute what's your name Angelo right
yeah you're Angela yeah I know you you
don't me yeah look at it is Angelo just
give me a hug there right exactly I love
you say hi to everyone you know I
thought I recognized you
I do recognise you that's unbelievable
how are you nice to see ya you combed
your hair but it's all the same house
every day who are you talking to I'm who
is that believe it
I can't believe you're gonna walk by me
like that come on spits the reunion
maybe I don't know her Wow look at this
guy how's it going man how's everything
you get a big-time babe come on come on
I can't believe it
I you know I was telling my wife I was
gonna run into you and hear your it
smells like you chaste belongs areas are
you gonna walk right by me how you doing
it's nice to see you all right now I
have been till we talked on Facebook I
haven't seen you in a while what's going
on moving how's everyone at you are
moving right you said you were gonna
move and now you're doing it where are
you going closer to my daughter yeah she
still with that guy she did get married
that's right
Wow do me a favor let's keep in touch I
don't want it too much time has gone by
okay buddy
I'll see you know all right take care
touch there she is come on why don't you
call me back I see you know how to use
the phone you'll call me who are you
talking to what are you talking about
grandma would not be happy if you would
downstairs we're upstairs
don't you remember who's here bring him
over here is that him oh my god
you big lug how's everything being for
faces huh all come on in kidney Tom
let's stay in touch all right all right
come here why she's always nasty to me
all we've always been mastered always
every single time
there he is how you been
I haven't seen you look at you you could
never stay away from the Sun good you
know like Wesley Snipes all the Sun I
love you how's everyone at home good
yeah they told me you were dead all
right thank you Hey there he is
I haven't seen you in so long how's it
going how's everything all right I'm
this year's everything all right I know
yeah I know you're looking at me buy all
your money I never forget if I owe money
[Music]
just tell Johnny was square
I know you're insulting me get me out in
there what's happening wait I know you
are
what's going on with you huh yeah of
course I'm 63rd right you were upstairs
I was back there right all right you get
that parking ticket things taken care
you know it's what I would say you got
to show Paulie this big truck all right
ah there he is what's happening where
you gonna walk fast me having heard from
Tom in awhile you talk to them
of course of course thank you what
happened you cut your hair gotta know
what I like it it looks good yeah
[Applause]
all right Thank You cousins now hi i'm
jimmy kimmel if you want to see all our
latest videos click the subscribe button
and if you don't click anyway and close
your eyes when they come on